hey guys so I am currently in the
backseat of my car
with my peace blanket I'm gonna be lying
I roadtrip really soon and I thought
it'd be fun to put together a video
showing you guys kind of my essentials
for traveling on the road for really
long drives and the snacks like the pack
and everything like that so for the
first half of the video I'm going to be
showing you guys some really quick and
easy healthy snacks that you can take
with you on the road and the second half
is just going to be essentials that I
carry with me in the car just to keep
myself like not dying of boredom in the
really long car rides so yeah I hope you
guys enjoy a great snack to bring on the
road is homemade trail mix you can
personalize this to whatever you want to
put in it so I'm just adding some
different nuts I use some cashews some
peanuts some walnuts and I also added
some raisins and you could totally add
some chocolate chips and pretzels
different kinds of nuts anything you
want but just make sure that you have a
good balance of different things in
there and it's great to have on the road
and it's also a lot less expensive than
buying store-bought trail mix it be that
one of my all-time favorite snacks is
rice cakes with peanut butter or almond
butter on them my favorite peanut butter
is the wild friend's cinnamon raisin
peanut butter it's just like if you took
a simin raisin bagel and put peanut
butter on it it's absolutely delicious
there are actually real raisins in there
and everything but you can take whatever
peanut butter or almond butter that you
like I like using rice cakes instead of
bread for this because they're very
crunchy but they're very light they're
really satisfying but they won't make
you feel super super full usually I just
leave this as is and just eat the rice
cake with the peanut butter almond
butter but you could totally drag this
up with all sorts of toppings whatever
you like
one thing you want to be careful of is
that you're packing these in a
Tupperware containers they don't get
smushed because rice cakes are actually
pretty fragile they won't get smushed
like bread they'll just get all crumbled
so if you're wanting to take them on the
road with you no problem just make sure
that they are protected so they won't
get smushed it all in a car stick
do get my favorite and of course
healthiest snack is fresh fruits and
veggies this is really easy all you have
to do is pre wash them and then either
put them in a Tupperware or put them in
plastic bags to take with you so here I
have an orange and apple and some
strawberries and a little bag of veggies
that I cut up it's super super easy it
just takes a couple minutes to wash
these off and bag them up and it's
really the best option for you if you
really feel like you don't have any time
to prepare any of this you can still be
healthy just grab some Larabars Larabars
are great because the only ingredients
pretty much all the ingredients ever are
dried fruit and nuts so they're really
really pure no weird nasty chemicals
they're actually healthy so I would
recommend all these flavors the cherry
pie one is seriously amazeballs now on
to the car tips and essentials I would
definitely recommend taking a blanket
with you because you never know when
you're gonna run through either a cold
spot of I don't know driving or you just
like get cold in the car so we didn't
buy this blanket it is just a big piece
of fleece that we cut it was super
inexpensive just buy the material and
it's like insta blanket and it's my
favorite blanket cuz it's super super
warm and cozy I always like to carry a
tote bag of essentials so of course I
have my phone and my earbuds I also like
to burn my homework but I can do any
homework that I have over the weekend or
the break or if is getting pulled out of
school I can get it done on the drive
and that way I don't have to worry about
it once I get to wherever I'm going
which is really a lot better than
waiting until you get where you're going
and then you have to spend time working
on homework just get it done in the car
am I the only one who still has their
Nintendo DS I still love this thing it's
actually great if you forgotten that you
even had yours because that means that
all the games you have will be totally
new to you and you can rediscover them
on your long drive here's a great tip
for people who have subscriptions to
magazines they like to read save up your
magazines for as long as you can up
until your trip and that way you'll have
a ton of magazines
haven't read yet and you won't have to
buy them along the way they'll just will
have been yours to begin with but you
can read them on your way of course you
want to stay hydrated during your drive
so make sure you bring a really big
bottle of water
my last essential is ham sanitizer
because you never know when you're gonna
run into a really gross bathroom I hope
you guys enjoyed this video please don't
forget to give it a thumbs up and
subscribe if you haven't already I'll
see you really soon on my next video